<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core">
    <h:head>
        <title>course_view more course</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="resources/course_view.css" type="text/css"/>
    </h:head>
    <h:body class="body">
       
        <div class="maincontainer">
             
            <h:form>
            
            <div class="heading">
                <p><center> Master of Business Adminstration: (MBA)</center></p>
            </div>
            <div class="p1">
                <p:graphicImage value="Images/colimg.jpg"  width="470px" height="250px"/>
                
            </div>
            <div class="p3">
                <p:dataTable value="#{manageBean.agents}" id="FeeStructture" var="fee" style="height: 50px; width: 210px;">
                    <p:column   style="width: 160px;" filterBy="fee" >
                       
                        <h:link value="#{fee.special}" class="spec" />
                    </p:column>
                   
                </p:dataTable>
                
            </div>
            <div class="p2">
                <h3>Course Details:</h3>
                <p style="padding: 15px;line-height: 20px;font-size: 14px;text-align: justify;">
                    The MBA course is approved by AICTE, Govt. of India and is run under the 
                    curriculum of Visvesvaraya Technological University, The course is carefully
                    designed and updated by the university keeping in view the changing needs of
                    manufacturing and service industry. Upon successful completion of the course, the
                    degree is awarded by Visvesvaraya Technological University.
                    Young managers are required at different levels in the areas of Finance, Human
                    Resources, Marketing, Information Technology and so on. The curriculum puts
                    significant emphasis on the ability of the student to have an integrated view of the
                    management and apply them to the real life situations. It lays emphasis on taking
                    decisions and developing focussed education combined with practical exposure to
                    create value to the students coming out of academics. It aims at developing
                    students into effective managers with good communication skills and leadership
                    capabilities. The attributes that are ingrained in them are knowledge, skills, values
                    and attitudes.
                    
                </p>
                <h3>Fee Structure:</h3>
                <p:dataTable value="#{manageBean.agents}" id="FeeStructture" var="fee"   style="width: 535px;  border: 1px solid black;">
                    <p:column  headerText="Place" style="width: auto;" >
                        <h:outputText value="#{fee.place}"/>
                    </p:column>
                    
                    <p:column headerText="Fee Details" style="width:auto;">
                        <h:outputText value="#{fee.fees}" style="width: 100px;"/></p:column>
                </p:dataTable>
                <h3>Duration:</h3>
                <p style="padding: 15px;line-height: 20px;font-size: 14px;">2 years consisting of 4 semesters.</p>
                <h3>Eligibility:</h3>
                <p style="padding: 15px;line-height: 20px;font-size: 14px;text-align: justify;">
                    Candidates who have passed Bachelor Degree examination of Bengaluru
                    University with not less than 50% of marks in aggregate in all the three years of
                    Degree examination or any other University equivalent thereto with 50% marks.
                    However in case of candidates from Karnataka belonging to SC/ST and Cat-I
                    the aggregate percentage of marks in the qualifying examination shall not be less
                    than 45% of marks.
                    At the time of admission students have to produce the ranks obtained in any one
                    of the National Level Test/State Level Test / PGCET/ K-MAT score Certificate.
                </p>
                <p:commandButton value=" Submit" style="float: right;">
                </p:commandButton>
            </div>
            
            </h:form>
        
        </div>
            
    </h:body>
</html>

