<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
    <h:head>
        <title>Facelet Title</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="resources/css/main.css"/>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <f:view>
            <div class="maincontainer" >    
            <center>    <h:outputText value="Scholarship" style="font-weight: bold;
color: blue;
font-size: 20px;" />
             <div class="content" >
                
                 <p style="text-align:justify" >
                   SRM University offers several scholarships, fee waiver schemes, teaching and research assistance to meritorious and deserving students. Large number of students tremendously benefit from such schemes. In 2011 - 12 nearly 1500 students benefited from various schemes with a total of Rs. 12.27 crores distributed as scholarship.  
                 </p > <h4 style="float: left;">Scholarship</h4>
                <br/> <br/> <br/> 
                <p style="text-align:justify">To encourage and support students of exemplary talent, several scholarship are instituted to recognize excellence in academic, sports and deserving candidates. The quantum of scholarship and the number of scholarships are subject to change from time to time.</p>
                 <h4 style="float: left;">SRM Founder's Scholarships</h4><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <p style="text-align: justify">
                     It is the most prestigious scholarship with full fee waiver of tuition, hostel, mess, plus stipend Rs 1,000 / month.
                     It is offered to:
                     <ul>
                         <li> Top rankers in B.Tech Entrance Examination (SRMEE)</li><br/>
                         <li>Top State rankers in school final</li><br/>
                         <li> Top rankers in SRMEE, JEE and AIEEE</li><br/>
                          <li>Exemplary Sports persons at National and International level</li><br/></ul>
                     <p style="text-align:justify">This is provided through out their program subjected to meeting set performance norms.</p>
<br/>
<h4 style="float: left;">University Scholarship Schemes</h4><br/> <br/> <br/><h5 style="text-align:justify">Merit Scholarship</h5> 
<p style="text-align: justify">Students who have secured above 95% in CBSE or in state board examinations and also ranked amongst the top 10000 in SRMEE are eligible to apply for this scholarship having a value of up to 50% of tuition fee waiver in the branch they are eligible for at the time of counseling. The quantum and number would vary from time to time.</p>
<h4 style="float: left;">Merit-Cum-Means Scholarship (Socio - economic disdained)</h4><br/> <br/> <br/> <p style="text-align: justify">Scholarship, 25% to 100% tuition fee waiver, is offered to students who are economically challenged based on their performance in the qualifying examination.</p>
<h4 style="float: left;">Scholarship for Minority Community</h4></p><br/> <br/> <br/>  
                 <p style="text-align: justify">Scholarship, 25% to 100% tuition fee waiver, is offered to students of minority community based on their performance of students in the qualifying examination.</p>
                 <h4 style="float: left;">Scholarship for Physically challenged/Differently-abled</h4><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <p style="text-align: justify">Scholarship with full tuition fee waivered is offered to selected students who are physically challenged /differently abled.</p>
                 <h4 style="float: left;">Scholarship for Special Merits</h4><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <p style="text-align: justify">Scholarship with tuition fee waivered up to 100% is offered to selected students possessing exemplary skills in literary debating, fine arts and others</p>
                 <h4 style="float: left;">Renewal</h4><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <p style="text-align: justify">All the above scholarships are renewed every year subject to meeting set performance norms.</p>
                 <h4 style="float: left;">Selection Procedure</h4><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <p style="text-align: justify">Applications in the prescribed form for the award of fresh scholarship will be received in August/September every year. Processing will be done by the scholarship office and selection of awardees will be done by a committee consisting of SRM University officials and invited academicians from other Universities.</p>
                 <p ><h4 style="float: left;">Norms for renewal of scholarship</h4></p><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <p style="text-align: justify"><h5 style="float: left;">Category 1.1 and 2.1:</h5></p><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <p style="text-align: justify">Scholarship can be renewed based on the performance in the University examination, attendance and character and conduct certified by the Head of the Department. There should be no arrears at any point of time.</p>
                 <p style="text-align: justify ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1.      Performance: 9.0 CGPA in every year.
                     <br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.      Attendance: 75% in each semester.</p>
                 <h4 style="float: left;">Other Categories (Except Sports):</h4><br/> <br/> <br/> 
                 <br/> <p style="text-align: justify">In the categories of scholarship on Special merits, Need based scholarship, Minority community scholarship and Scholarship for physically challenged: Scholarship can be renewed based on the performance in the University examination, attendance and character and conduct certified by the Head of the Department.</p>
                 <br/><p style="text-align: justify">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1.      Performance: 7.0 CGPA with no arrears.
                  <br/>   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.      Attendance: 75% in each semester.</p>

                 <h4 style="float:left;"><p>Conditions for Fresh and Renewal</p></h4>
                 <br>  </br><br>  </br>
                 <p style="text-align: justify">
                     <ul>
                    <li>	Category 1.1 &amp; 2.1: Photocopy of end of the academic year grade sheets should be enclosed (in this category fresh application not applicable)
                        <br/></li> <li>	Category 1.2&amp; 2.2: Photocopy of the evidence should be enclosed
                     <br/></li> <li>	Category 1.3&amp; 2.3: Photocopy of the certificate should be enclosed
<br/></li> <li>	Category 1.4&amp; 2.4: Photocopy of the ration card and income certificate issued by the Govt. should be enclosed.
<br/></li> <li>	Category 1.5&amp; 2.5: Photocopy of the minority certificate, ration card and income certificates issued by the Government should be enclosed
<br/></li> <li>	Category 1.6 &amp; 2.6: Photocopy of the medical issued by the Government should be enclosed.

                     <br/></li>	</ul></p>
             </div></center>
            </div>
        </f:view>
    </h:body>
</html>

